Add article "Using CJK (Chinese, Japanese, and Korean) characters" (#189)
pharo-open-documentation/pharo-wiki: General/CJKCharacter.md

# Using CJK (Chinese, Japanese, and Korean) characters

> Pharo's default font settings for code (Source Code Pro) and UI (Source Sans Pro) are unable to handle [CJK characters](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CJK_characters). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pharo's default font settings for code (Source Code Pro) and UI (Source Sans Pro) are unable to handle [CJK characters](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CJK_characters) this page explains how to display them properly in Pharo.
```

> ![](CJKCharacter_Screenshot_1.png)

Reviewer: You should put an alt text to this picture in case it becomes unavailable for some reason.

Reviewer 2: And also for accessibility (blind people, etc)

> Operating systems may come with fonts that support those characters, but as far as I know, none of them are monospaced, which is not good for displaying code. If you need to display CJK characters in Pharo, you are recommended to install a monospace font which also covers CJK characters. Some of them are [`Noto Sans Mono CJK`](https://www.google.com/get/noto/) , `Microsoft YaHei Mono`, [`WenQuanYi Zen Hei Mono`](http://wenq.org).

Reviewer: We try to not write in first or second person, I propose this instead:
```suggestion
Operating systems may come with fonts that support those characters but they are usually not monospaced which is not good for displaying code. If one need to display CJK characters in Pharo, it is recommended to install a monospace font which also covers CJK characters. Some of them are [`Noto Sans Mono CJK`](https://www.google.com/get/noto/) , `Microsoft YaHei Mono`, [`WenQuanYi Zen Hei Mono`](http://wenq.org).
```

![](CJKCharacter_Screenshot_2.png)

> Note that on Windows 10, you may need to manually copy font files to `C:\Windows\Fonts\`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that on Windows 10, one may need to manually copy font files to `C:\Windows\Fonts\`.
```

Here is a code sample:

```Smalltalk
StandardFonts 
	defaultFont: (LogicalFont familyName: 'Noto Sans CJK SC' pointSize: 9);
	codeFont: (LogicalFont familyName: 'Microsoft YaHei Mono' pointSize: 10);
	listFont: (LogicalFont familyName: 'Noto Sans CJK SC' pointSize: 9);
	menuFont: (LogicalFont familyName: 'Noto Sans CJK SC' pointSize: 9);
	buttonFont: (LogicalFont familyName: 'Noto Sans CJK SC' pointSize: 9);
	windowTitleFont: (LogicalFont familyName: 'Noto Sans CJK SC' pointSize: 10);
	balloonFont: (LogicalFont familyName: 'Noto Sans CJK SC' pointSize: 8);
	haloFont: (LogicalFont familyName: 'Noto Sans CJK SC' pointSize: 8).
```

> Related links:

Reviewer: Put this as a subsection:

```suggestion
## Related links:
```
